Italian spaghetti with meatballs is a
classic dish Allrecipes member Jeremy
shared the recipe that he got from his
mother years ago he tells us it's great
let's start by mixing up the meat place
1 pound of lean ground beef into a large
bowl and add 1 cup of fresh breadcrumbs
1 tablespoon of dried parsley 1
tablespoon of grated Parmesan cheese 1/4
teaspoon of ground black pepper and 1/8
of a teaspoon of garlic powder beat one
egg in a small bowl
and then add that to the large bowl mix
this all together until it's well
blended then use your hands to shape the
mixture into twelve meatballs
once they're all formed cover the
meatballs and place them in the fridge
to stay chilled now its sauce time
chopped 1 medium onion this is not a
precise science so just chop enough to
make about 3/4 of a cup and then mince 5
cloves of garlic in a large saucepan
over medium heat add a quarter cup of
olive oil and the onion and garlic cook
and stir until the onion is translucent
lower the heat if it's cooking too fast
you don't want the onion and garlic to
brown now stir in 2 28-ounce cans of
whole tomatoes
two teaspoons of salt one teaspoon of
sugar and one bay leaf
cover the saucepan and reduce the heat
to low after 90 minutes stir in 1 6
ounce can of tomato paste 3/4 of a
teaspoon of dried basil and half a
teaspoon of black pepper carefully add
the meatballs to the sauce
cover and simmer them for another 30
minutes while the meatballs are
simmering cook your favorite pasta serve
Italian meatballs with spaghetti along
with a tossed salad and sliced Italian
bread and your family will think they're
in an Italian restaurant